Docs updates (#858)
open-contracting/kingfisher-collect: docs/spiders.rst

     - Query string parameters to append to each URL, for example: ``qs:parameter1=value1``. See also: :ref:`filter`.
     - string

> .. note::
>    Depending on the source, a file could be:
>  
>    - A release package
>    - A record package
>    In that case, the sample argument will refer to the number of packages to download. 
>  
>    However, if a single file:
>  
>    - Contains multiple packages, or
>    - Contains multiple records or releases not packaged within a package
>    Each file will be split into multiple file items, and the sample argument will refer to the number of releases or records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   If a source publishes release packages or record packages, the ``sample`` argument refers to the number of packages to download. 
 
   However, if a source publishes files that either:
 
   - Contain multiple release packages or record packages
   - Contain multiple releases or records that are not within a package

   Then each file will be split into multiple file items. In this case, the ``sample`` argument refers to the number of release packages, record packages, releases or records.
```
